# Facts-about-social-media-marketing-
According to Digital Marketing study by Smart Insights, 46% of brands don’t have a defined digital marketing strategy, while 16% do have a strategy but haven’t yet integrated it into their marketing activity then do it. But here’s the thing if you don’t have a plan in place how you can expect to grow and innovate your growth, to measure meaningful results and to learn from past mistakes? It’s time to stop panicking about next year or next month and start crafting a plan that can pack a powerful punch in the growth. We’ve selected the most important steps that will help you, the decision maker should take to ensure that your digital marketing efforts create a real impact on your bottom line. Define your business’ overall mission/objective first your digital marketing mission must fit into your grand plan or at least a proper one. Get specific with your KPIs by identifying the figures you will be held accountable for achieving them right. Get realistic with your KPIs by analysing your previous digital marketing efforts first this will ensure you aim for a positive increase on your current results you have, while helping you to avoid setting you expectations too high don’t do that. Identify a method that will help you measure each of your KPIs for example, will you use Google Analytics to measure your conversions, your individual social media analytics to track engagement or a tool like BuzzSumo to assess the success of your content marketing, right? Before you begin planning your KPIs find out which metrics matter most to your business. You don’t have to and you shouldn’t go into the planning period in the dark. Analysing your digital marketing strategy’s past success and failures can help focus on what part to look after and on what setting will be best KPIs for your business. You, therefore, might want to complete step one and two together for fast result. Choose a time the period you’d like to analyse it’s best to set this time period as the same length of time you plan for your new marketing strategy for example decide on whether you’re going to analyse the previous year, quarter or monthly analysis. Don’t let those planning takes away from the people you’re trying to reach. You already know who your audience is at least we hope you do but sometimes they’re the first thing a digital marketer can forget amidst the KPI setting, budget fretting and channel selection. You’re not going to make this mistake not this time. Instead, you’re going to put your audience at the heart of your digital marketing strategy and cater to their emotional needs and satisfy their deepest desires. How? Through the creation of well fleshed out and well thought out personas will be great. Three things are important for identifying your means these are your budget, your digital channels and your team that will work. It is important to take stock of all of your resources before deciding on what else you might need for the next period and be prepared. For example, now is the perfect time for creating an audit of your existing social media marketing specialist India and to decide whether you’re going to outsource specific sections of your digital marketing and whether you need to set a budget aside for a new hire or two. ‘Create a plan and don’t stick to it? But, but, what do you mean?’ Before the panic sets into the most organised way let me explain your plan is never going to be perfect from the outset. Not every assumption you make is going to be correct. And although you’ve taken every care to craft a carefully constructed plan based on a set of insightful assumptions and analysis you still can’t predict exactly how your customers will behave. It is, therefore, essential to continuously measure and monitor the performance of your digital marketing strategy and to change elements where your social media marketing strategy is needed.
